This poem naprawdę Leben Chung.
I moon, all young, severed my heart,
I run when your feet stumble,
Tear and wet their grail,
On an inch I grail,
On a lowly well.
We honor our great God is my name,
When I have severed my wrath on him,
All will the cross and mercy go by,
To a certain day the well will be mine.
Joyful, joyful, I am around your dream,
How I am on joy and on calm in me,
Do I think I will ever bring,
For when I stumble and so long fear sin.
Joyful, joyful, I am around your dream,
How I am on joy and on calm in me,
Do I think I will ever bring,
For when I stumble and so long fear sin.
When I have severed my wrath on him,
All will the cross and mercy go by,
To a certain day the well will be mine.
In a guiding fire at your side,
The empty path unbound,
On a burning, treading face,
I'll be back not with no more doubt,
We fill the morn of the day
To a roaring new God,
How I am on joy and on calm in me,
Do I think I will ever bring,
For when I stumble and so long fear sin.
In a guiding fire at your side,
The loose and tender people,
The rotten, trigger-posed,
Will sing a lullaby to the Lord,
Whose power forever light,
A better person missing,
A blessing and a fire.
Come, you crystal-bent and rare,
A deadly dreadless story,
Coming near God, bring love,
And my God is mercy.
You'll join them like a good ride,
And be in serenity,
Or be with the red-red thunders,
Or let them hear,
The golden blue-red sorrows,
Of peace on the red-gar,
The blue-red and white thunders,
The army of the mire.
Come, you crystal-bent and rare,
A deadly dreadless story,
Coming near God, bring love,
And my God is mercy.
Come, you crystal-bent and rare,
A deadly dreadless story,
Coming near God, bring love,
And my God is mercy.
Thanks for watching!